So that's it.
That's it!
That was beautiful...
So mature!
Yes.
I hope I'm in love someday, too.
Couldn't get into it, huh?
Not with lizards, no.
Are you worried about
Chtholly and the rest?
Half a month has passed without any word.
I know I can't do anything but wait.
At times like these, it might
be best to stay busy!
Mind doing some work for me?
Work?
H-H-H-Here's your order!
Wow, that looks so good...
Thank you, master.
I-I'm sorry! Don't eat me!
Please don't eat me!
Did you do something to him?
Of course not!
WorldEnd:
What do you do at the end of the world?
Are you busy? Will you save us?
Man... We should probably
call in pros to fix this.
Guess I'll patch it up for now.
Hey, Chtholly. Get me the hammer.
Chtholly?
Ithea?
Ren?
Chtholly!
Ithea!
Ren!
Ch-Chtholly!
Chtholly!
Just accept it.
Have you forgotten that we
sent them off to battle?
Those girls are gone now.
They are all
dead.
Damn, I'm so glad it was a dream!
What? What's up?
Uh, look. We can see it now.
See what?
Whoa! It's Corna di Luce!
Règles Aile, Island 11
City of Corna di Luce
"Just a hop, skip, and a
jump away," my ass.
It took a whole day to get here...
Wow, seems even the disfeatured
can live normal lives in this city.
It's such a beautiful place!
Tiat had a dream.
Of somewhere she has never been,
sights she has never seen,
and speaking to someone
she has never met.
That kind of dream.
Drinking milk won't make
you taller immediately.
W-We don't know that.
Tiat has been doing her best
and drinking her milk every day.
She might suddenly go zoom!
Isn't that how most dreams are?
No.
Apparently, the girls can tell.
The moment they wake up, they know
that the dream they had was special.
And that is the harbinger.
All fairies who have the harbinger dream
are to get a checkup at
Corna di Luce's general hospital.
G'day.
Whoa, no way!
It's the clock tower from The Iguana Bride,
that movie we watched!
Amazing!
Are there any sights you wanna see?
It's your first time out of Island 68, right?
I-I'm not here to have fun.
I'm here to become a great
fairy soldier like Chtholly.
There's no way I wanna... sightsee.
That's what I thought.
But we still have time.
We could stop by some places
on the way to the hospital.
Hmm...
Okay. Very well.
If you want to sightsee that much,
I'll tag along.
Right...
Let's get going, then!
Yeah, yeah.
Look! Look at this!
What about the bench?
In When the Bell Rings Thrice,
the heroine cries here, holding
her former lover's severed tail!
Is that another romance
movie with lizards?
You haven't heard of it?
It was a big deal. The heroine
laid her eggs during filming.
Yeah, that does sound like a big deal.
Island 11's Corna di Luce is also
the setting for loads of stories.
It's a place overflowing with history,
a jewel in the sky,
and a stew pot of adventure and legend!
"Stew pot"? What?
The staircase where the couple in
The Airship Thief clawed at one another.
I hear the lead actor's shed skin
fetched a fortune at auction.
I wonder who bought it. Lucky them.
You sure do love lizards.
In Each Scale Is a Symbol of Love,
the heroine and the soldier, covered in
scales, smacked tails in this river!
While filming, the director served
food for everyone on set.
A million steelbottle flies.
Can you believe that?
Did they really eat all that?
Ah, I see.
I feel stuffed just thinking about it!
Isn't that great...
G'day.
This is the café... where the two went
lickity... on the egg in Sweet Nest.
P-People are actually doing it here.
In the middle of the day...
I don't really understand,
but I do get the feeling
kids shouldn't see this.
Say, Tiat, it's about time.
What now?
The Great Sage statue in
Fulshter Memorial Plaza!
And why is it famous?
Long, long ago, he founded this city.
It's the most popular spot
for lovers' rendezvous.
It also appears in several stories!
Legend says that if a couple vows
their eternal love in front of it,
they'll be happy for five years.
Talk about a half-assed legend.
Annihilate!
Annihilate! Annihilate!
Stop... Please stop.
I beg you, please stop!
Annihilate! Annihilate! Annihilate!
Cease.
Tch. Let's get outta here.
Yeah.
Outta my way!
Wh-Why, you—
Arrest.
D-Damn it all!
Are you okay?
Th-Thank you.
Hey... Hey, put me down.
I'm not a child!
Oh, my bad.
The Annihilation Knights again?
That stall's owner supported
the mayor, remember?
What was that?
I guess there are always people with
too much energy on their hands.
Oh? It's almost time.
We don't want to be late.
N-No.
I know! The sightseeing ends here!
Let's go, Willem.
It's obvious you're forcing
yourself, you know.
Hurry up!
Yeah.
Tiat and Willem Kmetsch, yes?
NyNy told me you were coming.
NyNy?
Oh, you mean Nygglatho.
Let's get the checkup started, then.
This way, Tiat.
R-Right.
Tiat...
Well, our airship back home
is tomorrow evening...
Once we're done here,
I think we'll have time
for a leisurely stroll.
Okay!
There you are.
I've checked several kids from
the fairy warehouse before,
but you are the first caretaker other
than NyNy to accompany one.
The checkup will be done soon.
Tiat is a good, responsible girl.
What is this checkup for?
Didn't NyNy tell you?
Not in detail, no.
Basically, it isn't like any fairy
can wield a dug weapon...
The ability is there, but it won't
awaken in all of them.
And the fairies that have the harbinger
dream will awaken that ability?
Exactly.
And we tune their bodies so that
they can fight as adult fairies.
The dug weapons are too precious,
and the enemy too powerful.
Forcing swords onto kids when they're
still immature would be pointless.
"Tune," huh?
Her growth is steady and is
as expected of her age.
And she has no major health issues.
The only problems are
her digestive organs are struggling to
process the excess milk she drinks,
and a few of her teeth
are developing cavities.
I'll tell her to tone it down.
The fairies are unnatural beings.
Sometimes, a problem may arise
and severely affect the body.
In the worst case, they may
suffer mental disintegration
and lose their minds completely.
But in Tiat's case, there is
no cause for concern.
She is firmly in control of herself.
She is in great shape.
That's good to hear.
Hey.
Done with the checkup?
Yeah.
I'll stay the night, and tuning
will be tomorrow morning.
We'll be finished by noon, so come
pick her up around then.
Got it.
Will you be okay? Can you stay
overnight by yourself?
O-Of course! I'll be perfectly fine!
What about you?
Where will you stay tonight?
At Guardian Wings Military HQ.
Evidently, they have a resting
room for officers like me.
Officers like you?
I'm actually pretty high
up the pecking order.
Huh...
Well, I'll be all grown up tomorrow!
Just you wait!
It seems tuning won't
make you any taller.
I... I wasn't hoping for that!
Hang in there.
Goodbye, then.
Take care of her.
"All grown up," huh?
Do you realize what you're saying?
It means becoming a soldier
and going off to battle.
This sucks.
This way, Technical Officer Willem.
Wow, technical officers really do
rank high in the pecking order.
Please use this room while you're here.
Goodnight.
Oh, hey.
Yes?
Have you heard any word about
the battle on Island 15 against the timere?
No, nothing.
I see.
Sorry to have kept you.
Excuse me.
I didn't get much sleep.
The bed was so soft,
it was off-putting...
Guess I'll go for a walk.
I have to go sightseeing with
Tiat this afternoon.
Maybe an advance look—
Take a damn hint, Corna di Luce!
Okay, this is bad.
We should patch it up for now.
But how?
Did we have a ladder that tall?
You have a point.
Well, only one choice!
We'll start by building a ladder.
Are you all right?
I'm fine. No problem.
That so?
U-Um, wait a second!
What? We were both equally at fault.
No, I was entirely to blame for that,
so I'll keep my blade sheathed.
I see. I'm glad you understand...
Wait, blade?
I have a favor to ask.
I need to make a request
of Officer Limeskin.
Is there any way I could see him?
Limeskin?
That giant lizard is fighting
somewhere far away.
When will he be back?
That's what I'd like to know.
They've put up a magic field—
A barrier around the battlefield,
making communication impossible.
Is it true?
Yeah, send word at once.
Are we sure?
Apparently. In battle with the timere.
W-Wait...
What happened?
I-It's classified.
This information can only be circulated
on a regulated channel.
I'm Second-Grade Technical
Officer Willem Kmetsch.
Forgive me, sir.
The dug weapons and fairy soldiers...
The ones that wield them
are under my care.
Of course, I also have the right to all data
pertaining to battles they take part in!
Again, I ask that you provide
me with this information.
What happened?
Sir, Fleet 1 just sent word
regarding the results of
the battle on Island 15.
The defense of Island 15...
has failed.
Excuse me, then.
Um, what's wrong?
What's the matter? Are you all right?
Hello? Hello?
Hello, are you all right?
Can you hear me?
The other day, you made sweets
in the mess, remember?
Can you make butter cake, too?
Uh, does it hurt somewhere?
What? Really?
Do we have confirmation?
We just received it from
General Command HQ.
How many casualties? Survivors?
Fleet 1 of the 2nd Division
has returned.
We've received an accurate
casualty report!
Send medics, just in case!
I think we should send word
as soon as possible.
Agreed.
A certain someone's heart is probably
jumping out of his chest as he waits.
But...
Given the circumstances,
I allow you to use the
communication crystals.
See? We even got the
big boss's permission.
But use of a communication crystal
lets the other person see us, too.
And I'm covered in mud.
I haven't even taken a bath.
You'll be fine as you are.
But it would be rude, and I'm
not mentally prepared...
You girls!
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Whahat?
H-H-Hey, it hurts... I can't breathe.
Where the heck did he come from?
This is embarrassing!
I'm covered in dirt. I hurt all over.
My eyes could not keep up with him.
I haven't taken a bath...
Everyone's watching!
Did he use a lost secret art?
Hey, you're wet from the rain!
This is why I said we should
send word quickly.
Brr!
You'll catch a cold, you know?
Yeah, you did.
Wait, that isn't it...
But did you expect to find
the TO this broken?
Jeez, what's wrong with you?!
Let me go already!
Broken?
Are you listening to me?
Hey!
I mean, he usually tries
to play it cool, right?
The fact that it doesn't
suit him at all is cute, though.
Anyway, I was expecting a
less emotional reunion.
This is how Willem is.
One-track mind. Dial turned to eleven.
You have to watch over him
so he doesn't get hurt.
Yeah, I kinda get what you mean...
What do you think, Chtholly?
I think you should finish your
fun, little chat and help me!
I feel like we should let him
hug you until he's satisfied.
No way!
My spine will break, I'll suffocate,
or I'll die of embarrassment first!
If you can yell like that,
I don't think we need to
worry about suffocation.
Don't worry. We're all here.
We aren't going anywhere.
Ren...
Yep.
Ithea.
Heya.
And...
Chtholly.
Seriously, let me go already...
My heart can't take any more!
Things sure have gotten messy.
Yes.
Next Episode
from dawn till dusk
Next Episode:
from dawn till dusk.